[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>NOORY: Well, welcome
to Beyond Belief.
You're going to
enjoy this episode.
Jack Cary has better
paranormal investigator
and cryptozoologist
for 25 years.
He's the founder of the
Paranormal Intelligence Agency
and the director of
Crypto Four Corners.
And his new book,
Paranormal Planet, Jack
presents his
unified field theory
of paranormal activity, which
covers everything from missing
people to cryptids.
Jack, welcome to the program.
>>JACK CARY: Thanks
a lot, George.
Looking forward to it.
>>GEORGE NOORY: How did you
get started in this field?
>>CARY: I had a lot of
really strange incidents
occur to me as a child, and so
that kind of ignited a passion
I've had since childhood,
all things mysterious.
>>NOORY: Did the parents
help magnify that?
>>CARY: Not a lot, but
the house we lived in did.
I lived in a haunted antebellum
mansion in southern Oklahoma.
This thing was built
prior to the Civil War.
And it was one of
those big pillars
in the front and Magnolia trees.
Well it was haunted as can be.
And I've have seen shadow
people from a very early age.
There was a poltergeist
in the home that
was fond of opening all
the kitchen cabinets
and smashing all of
my mother's dishes.
>>NOORY: Were you scared?
>>CARY: We would never hear
anything or see anything.
Yeah, as a child you're
like, wow, what is going on?
>>NOORY: You're
not scared anymore.
>>CARY: Not anymore, no.
Ghosts to me are not a mystery,
that's why I don't really
do ghost investigations.
There's plenty of evidence
to show that they're real.
The real question is
how, when, and why
did they get trapped
into that existence?
>>NOORY: And what do they want?
>>CARY: Right.
Right.
You know, a lot of
people assume they
had some unfinished business.
That might just be something to
make us feel better at night.
>>NOORY: Closure.
>>CARY: There might just be
a mechanism by which they
get stuck and can't get out.
What's interesting is
in most EVP sessions
during these ghost
investigations,
the entities ask for help.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>CARY: Meaning they're
in distress of some kind,
and yet no help is ever given.
>>NOORY: Maybe some of
them left too early.
>>CARY: Yeah.
Right.
We don't really know the
source of that distress,
but it comes across
time and again.
And yet the investigators don't
really help these entities.
They're left in a
state of distress.
But we know they're there.
>>NOORY: Your new book is
called Paranormal Planet.
Tell me about that.
>>CARY: So it presents
my Unified Field
Theory of Paranormal Activity.
It breaks all paranormal
activity into two branches--
one branch is interaction
with a type 3 civilization.
That's something that a
Russian scientist came up
with named Nikolai Kardashev.
He came up with the
idea that civilizations
could be judged on the amount
of energy that they consume.
A type 1 civilization
can basically
control the energy of a star.
It would be like us
building a mega structure
around our star harnessing
all of that energy
for our technology.
Type 2's can do that on a
multi star level, and a type
3 can do it on a galactic level.
And so what I
think you're seeing
is something far larger
with the UFO phenomenon
than just a couple of
species visiting the planet.
I think--
>>NOORY: It's evolved.
>>CARY: Yeah, and I
think that they're
all part of the same
type 3 civilization.
Enrico Fermi, with
Fermi's Paradox,
made the statement that if these
million year old civilizations
existed without
destroying themselves,
they had plenty of time to
colonize the entire Milky Way.
>>NOORY: That's true.
>>CARY: And I think that's
exactly what they've done.
And I think that
these various species
you see appearing on the planet
and in front of abductees
and contactees are all part of
the same type 3 civilization.
>>NOORY: Do you think,
Jack, that the verbiage
of angels in the Bible
and things like that
really made reference
to extraterrestrials?
They just didn't understand what
they were looking at the time?
>>CARY: Absolutely.
And in particular, they were
pertaining to the Anunnaki.
The Anunnaki, you
know, most people
know a lot of information
about the Anunnaki these days.
>>NOORY: The works of the
late Zecharia Sitchin.
>>CARY: Right.
And others that have
examined some of the tablets
from Ashurbanipal.
But what's interesting is in
the Western occult tradition
it kind of changes
from what some people
believe about the Anunnaki.
And what's interesting is they
built these ancient structures
all around the world that seem
to exhibit the mathematics
of musical harmonics.
That's really significant.
For instance--
>>NOORY: And they're
the same everywhere.
>>CARY: Yeah.
Most of the structures built by
the Anunnaki have seven levels.
Those match the seven
notes in a musical octave.
It's the reason why
the pyramid doesn't
have the top part, which would
have completed the octave.
For instance, the difference in
mass between the large pyramid
and the pyramid at
Khefren, the next largest,
is 0.0136 expressed as a ratio.
That mass--
>>NOORY: Almost identical.
>>CARY: Right.
Almost identical.
That's just the discrepancy
between the two masses, right?
Well that matches exactly
the difference in mass
between our star and Sirius B.
>>NOORY: Go figure.
Good coincidence, right?
>>CARY: What a coincidence.
Even more interesting than
that is that in these mystery
schools, since the
time of the Anunnaki,
they've been concealing
the knowledge
that the laws of the universe
interact through the laws
of harmonic resonance.
And so basically what they
were trying to show 1.36
is actually known as
the Pythagorean comma.
Musicians use it for a equal
tempering of their instruments
and so on.
>>NOORY: They know
what that means.
>>CARY: Right.
And it's the exact discrepancy
between the mathematics
of the octave and
the mathematics
of the fifth note in an octave.
>>NOORY: Was there
a message they
were trying to convey to us?
>>CARY: They were
trying to convey
that not only did they build
these structures-- and a lot
of people think,
wow, why did they
just build stone structures?
Well, that's because
after the deceit of Noah
was discovered, after Enki,
he and his royal guard
were cast down on
Mount Hermon forever.
That was their exile.
Because of your deceit and
because you love your creation
so much, you'll be
cast down among them
for the rest of your days.
And so imagine what you could
build on a desert island
if you had been a castaway.
Imagine what would you build.
And all that was left
of them were stone.
And with extremely
advanced engineering
and mathematical skill,
they built structures
that we can't replicate today.
And what's fascinating
is they went
to the trouble of constructing
all of these structures
around the laws of
mathematical harmonics.
>>NOORY: You call your
theory the Unified Field
of Paranormal Activity.
What is that?
>>CARY: Yeah.
So one branch is the
interaction with the type 3
society I was describing.
So there is the whole vast
body of paranormal activity
that would be covered
under that including
cattle mutilations, unexplained
animal deaths, missing people,
the alien abduction phenomenon,
UFO sightings in general.
All of that kind of activity
is covered under interaction
with the type 3.
The other kind of
paranormal interaction
occurs enter dimensionally.
And it fits into all
of the same teaching,
because what physicists
all around the world
in these hushed conferences
are talking about
is that other dimensions exist.
And if they exist, like pages
in a book change the frequency,
you could see another dimension.
If you could change the
frequency of your body,
your consciousness.
But anyway, they know
that creatures exist
on these other dimensions.
And like Michio Kaku
mentioned, if creatures
exist on those dimensions,
then some of them
will have been
advanced enough to have
found a way into this one.
>>NOORY: Jack, you talked
earlier a little bit
about animal mutilations.
There's a photo of some horses
that were later were mutilated.
Tell us about this image
that we're looking at.
>>CARY: Sure.
So this took place in Tennessee.
The owner's name
was Terry McIlvain.
This was published in the
paper so he doesn't mind
his name being known anymore.
>>NOORY: This is
an authentic photo?
>>CARY: Authentic photo.
He had two prized Paso
Fino horses in the field,
and so he had put up two
different infrared cameras
that could keep eye
on them at nighttime.
On two separate occasions
on those cameras
this light source showed up.
>>NOORY: From where?
>>CARY: From the sky.
And if you see
further to the left
on that image, which you might
be able to on the screen,
you can see a spot
light source, right?
>>NOORY: OK.
>>CARY: The horse is
not reacting at all.
>>NOORY: It's engulfed
him, the light.
>>CARY: So it's silent.
And it's such a bright
light that it was infrared.
That's why it appeared so bright
on these infrared cameras.
What's interesting about that
is that light appeared twice--
shortly before the
mutilation of those horses
occurred, and on the night that
they occurred the cameras were
rendered inoperable.
>>NOORY: Oh my gosh.
>>CARY: So the intelligence
behind that light
is the intelligence behind
the entire animal mutilation
phenomenon.
And it appears as though
it's alien in nature.
And with the UFO's recent--
the US Navy's recent--
>>NOORY: Do we know
if the horse was
kind of pulled into the craft?
Or what happened?
>>CARY: It was typical.
All of the reproductive
organs were taken.
Tongue cut out.
The half moon section
along the facial area.
>>NOORY: No blood?
>>CARY: No blood.
They're completely
exsanguinated.
It's interesting that all
those particular organs
that are taken have the
highest cell reproduction rate.
>>NOORY: What do you
think they're doing?
Why are they mutilating?
Why are they taking
organ samples?
>>CARY: They-- the
alien presence,
whoever this type 3
civilization-- has
gone to a huge amount
of expense and time,
testing and retesting this
environment in every way,
even down to the atomic level.
And so what you're seeing
with unexplained animal deaths
and cattle mutilations is the
testing of our food supply.
>>NOORY: As opposed to us.
>>CARY: Right.
Now what they discovered,
which the NIDS discovered--
it was Robert Bigelow's
original group that
went to the Skinwalker Ranch.
They were also given a project
to look into cattle mutilation.
This report was published once
upon a time under the NIDS
website.
It since has been removed.
However, I have a copy
still from back then.
And so they determined
that they could, in fact.
Predict cattle
mutilations wherever
there was a breakout of
chronic wasting disease.
In other words, when chronic
wasting disease occurred
in an area, shortly after that
cattle mutilations occurred.
They also recognized--
>>NOORY: They're testing.
>>CARY: Right.
And they also determined
that the black triangular
craft that people kept seeing
were the ones involved.
They couldn't determine
fully whose craft they were,
but they determined
that this was
much like a testing program.
And that the fact
that the animals were
being tested at all
means that the beef
supply had been compromised.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>CARY: Now this led
them to investigate
what happened in Fort
Collins in the late 1960s.
>>NOORY: What happened there?
>>CARY: There was
a secret facility
being run by the US government
that did animal testing.
And one of those scientists
went to New Guinea
and he collected
samples of Kuru virus.
And he brought Kuru virus
back to Fort Collins
and he began to inject it in
some of the wildlife to see
what the effect would be.
>>NOORY: That's dangerous.
>>CARY: Right.
Well one of those deer escaped
and Kuru virus in that animal
population becomes
chronic wasting disease.
That's the clinical
manifestation of it.
Well deer don't care
about barbed wire.
They jump right over barbed wire
fences where the cattle are.
And they feed from the
very tops of the plants,
whereas cattle pull the whole
plant up and consume it.
And they leave
saliva deposits that
are contaminated with what
we call prion proteins.
Now, prion proteins are what
cause Jakob Creutzfeldt--
>>NOORY: The brain disease.
>>CARY: Right.
That causes it to
turn into a sponge.
What's interesting is
cattle are butchered
before their fifth year.
So according to the
NIDS, these symptoms
are sub-clinical in
the cattle population.
Meaning the symptoms
don't show up
because they don't
have long enough.
>>NOORY: But they're there.
>>CARY: Right.
It's become clinical
in the human population
through early
Alzheimer's disease.
And they discovered that the
rates of early Alzheimer's
disease had actually increased
by thousands of percent
since the first reported case
of chronic wasting disease.
>>NOORY: And who says
Alzheimer's is not
derived from it?
>>CARY: Right.
Exactly.
And what's interesting is
that the US government,
they got savvy to these
testings taking place.
And they were like,
well we've got
to have our own program to
test these animals to see
what it is they're testing.
Because what did they find?
You know?
And so that's where you have
this cross contamination
of cases where
people say, oh, I saw
some military black helicopters
right before the mutilation.
And other people
see an alien craft.
It's because one was
copying the other.
>>NOORY: We seem to be getting
lots of UFO disclosure stories
these days.
Why do you think
this is being fueled?
>>CARY: I believe something
has forced their hand.
I've asked that very
question on my blog.
Why now?
After this many
decades of deceit
and how long they've
tried and how hard they've
tried to hide it, why now?
And I think that's a
really scary question.
I don't think they would
have unless their hand had
been forced into it.
And whatever that is is probably
not something beneficial.
>>NOORY: Well,
the government has
admitted that the Navy
"tic tac" videos are
accurate and authentic.
And what they have recently
said is they should never
have been released.
And they're upset about that.
>>CARY: Sure.
Absolutely upset about it.
It's crazy, and there are quite
a few other shows on right
now--
I'm talking about To The Stars
Academy with Luis Elizondo.
>>NOORY: Tom DeLonge.
>>CARY: Right.
You got another show that's
got these CIA analysts on it.
That show has already
mentioned Robert Bigelow's name
three or four times.
And so it's my prediction that
the next wave of disclosure
will come in the form of objects
that he has in his possession.
>>NOORY: You might
be right about that.
You might be.
Has your theory of
paranormal activity
been vilified with
all this UFO activity?
>>CARY: No.
No.
Not vilified at all.
In fact, all of this ties
together into one big circle.
My interest in
cryptozoology, which
by the way since the disclosure
of the UFOs by the US Navy
has caused closure
in my interest,
really, in most cryptozoology.
Because what we have now is
a direct line of knowledge
to what the genome
studies were telling us.
They kept telling us that
these were genetic chimeras.
That these creatures
had mitochondrial DNA,
but the other DNA was
thousands of different strains
all fused together in a way
that really scared them.
And so they proved
that whatever this was,
it was a genetic alien
construction of some kind.
So any hominid
cryptozoological animal
is going to be one
of these chimeras.
And the reason why is because it
has zero foundation for biology
on this planet.
It can not occur.
And when you eliminate the
impossible, whatever remains,
however improbable,
has to be the truth.
>>NOORY: Good point.
>>CARY: And what's
impossible with cryptozoology
is for a breeding population
of 5,000 or 6,000 animals
to remain hidden and undetected
for this amount of time,
no matter how smart they are,
no matter how elusive they are,
unless they possess
DNA which allows
them abilities to stay hidden.
>>NOORY: Good point.
Nick Pope, who used to
head up the British Defense
Department's UFO
files, had a chance
to talk with me about UFOs.
And I asked him
specifically if he
thought the UFOs were threats.
>>NICK POPE: You know,
there's a threat equation.
I know this sounds kind
of crazy, but there is.
Threat is defined
in the military
as being a product of
capability and intent.
We know what the
capability is, or we
have some fairly good pointers.
For example, watching
those videos.
The capability is huge.
What we don't know is
what the intent is.
And any time in an equation
where you have an unknown,
the answer is also
going to be an unknown.
So my answer to
your question is we
don't know if there's a threat,
and therefore in government
the prudent policy is to
assume that there is a threat,
and then allow yourself
to be pleasantly
surprised and relieved if
it doesn't materialize.
As opposed to the other way
around, which is crazy--
assume there's no threat
and then get caught out
if it does prove to be hostile.
>>NOORY: You agree
with him, Jack?
>>CARY: I do agree with him.
I don't-- assuming that it's
a non-hostile presence is
the worst thing
that you could do.
And when you go back and
look at the origins of what
we would call psychic
abilities for human beings,
I believe that
that was something
that was built into our
biology by the Anunnaki
as a way of eventually
gaining our freedom
from this alien presence.
Now, I think that they
literally constructed
the laws of harmonic
resonance not only
to show that this resonant
effect takes place
between stellar bodies,
and that takes place
between musical
notes and an octave,
but they built our biology
with seven chakra zones,
each one of them vibrates
to the same frequency
as a musical note.
And because of
that, your biology
can vibrate with the
reality matrix around you
and cause conformity
and change with will.
And that's real magic.
And that's what all
of these occult groups
have been encapsulated--
their knowledge encapsulated
and hiding all these many eons.
Because the Anunnaki
were so concerned with it
being preserved for humanity.
>>NOORY: Where did they go?
>>CARY: Well, you
know, it was just
Enki and his 200 royal
guard that were actually
cast down on Mount Hermon.
The Anunnaki princes
were given clone guards.
>>NOORY: But they're the ones
that seeded us, aren't they?
>>CARY: Right.
But this is what happened--
a natural event was going
to happen, cause a flood to
wipe out most of humanity,
if not all of it.
>>NOORY: The flood of Noah?
>>CARY: The flood
of Noah recorded
in every ancient culture
around the world.
And Anu and Enlil in the
high council of the Anunnaki
decided to just let
it happen and wipe out
the human creation.
They thought--
>>NOORY: Sounds
biblical, doesn't it?
>>CARY: Yeah.
They hated it that Enki
and his wife Ninhursag
had altered us to be
able to reproduce.
>>NOORY: Adam and Eve?
>>CARY: Right.
Before that they were
creating batches of clones.
It eventually got to the point
they needed enough workers
that they had to alter
us for reproduction.
>>NOORY: Did the Anunnaki come
from the so-called 10th planet
that's in our solar system?
>>CARY: I do, but I believe
that planet was destroyed.
And that's kind of the
interesting thing about it.
I believe that Enki and
his fallen Anunnaki,
which was the origin of the
fallen angel mythos, right?
Went about helping their genetic
offspring to build all of these
temples to start civilization.
And specifically in
both the Book of Enoch
and in the tablets,
the Sumerian tablets,
they taught them
the laws of magic.
And those laws of magic
are the same things
that allow for psychic
functioning of the human body.
And it's only through
psychic functioning
that you're ever going
to have an advantage
over these creatures, because
the problem isn't that they're
technologically superior.
The problem is that they
are neurologically superior.
And that's a really dark outset.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
It sure is.
Cryptids-- what our cryptids?
>>CARY: Well, as I
was saying earlier,
I'm now convinced through
that, you know, we always
knew that UFOs were real.
Well now we can say absolutely.
So we've eliminated the
impossible out of that equation
that the aliens weren't real.
That leaves us with just
these two probabilities--
and they're high
probabilities given the genome
studies-- that they're
alien chimera animals.
Now there's another--
>>NOORY: And they would be
what creatures are we talking?
>>CARY: Well, dog
man, Sasquatch,
>>NOORY: Big Foot.
>>CARY: Yeah.
Yeah.
There was a creature,
an alien creature,
recorded in Bishopville, I think
Georgia, that became famous.
People have seen fish men and
all of these different kind
of chimeras.
We don't really know what their
purpose is, only that they--
>>NOORY: Mothman?
>>CARY: Right.
Or on land.
We don't really know
why they were created.
I suspect Sasquatch was
created during the time
of the early Anunnaki
when they were mining.
>>NOORY: Might they have been
genetic experiments, Jack,
that went awry?
>>CARY: They are.
I mean--
>>NOORY: They just
got out of control?
>>CARY: Absolutely.
Ninhursag, who was
Enki's wife, she
was a genetic scientist
who actually created
a lot of human chimeras.
And so a lot of these Egyptian
gods you see with animal heads,
those were real creatures she
had created at some point.
>>NOORY: Let's look at
a picture of Sasquatch,
and kind of tell us
what you think they did.
Was Sasquatch, for example,
genetically manipulated from--
what is that?
>>CARY: Well, here is a very
close blown up of a Sasquatch.
This is 800% blown up
of a Sasquatch taken
in North Carolina.
Now the very bottom
line there is the mouth.
The two egg shaped things
are in the nostrils.
There's the nose.
It almost appeared as
though this creature
had a black smudge across
his eyes right here.
But those are eyes.
>>NOORY: Is that his head?
>>CARY: That's the cone
shaped head right there.
>>NOORY: OK.
That's his head.
>>CARY: We've got the--
>>NOORY: Looks like a shoulder?
>>CARY: No shoulder.
This is simply a head shot.
All a head shot.
And there is--
>>NOORY: Why is it so blurry?
>>CARY: There's photos taken
away-- this particular photo
was run through a
blue light filter
so that all of the greenish tint
of the foliage wouldn't show up
and you could see
the bone structure.
>>NOORY: So it's got kind
of like an oblong face?
>>CARY: It does.
Well, they're often reported
with cone shaped heads.
What's interesting
about this picture
is that you can make out the
real human-looking bottom
part of the face, and yet the
top part and the cone shaped
head are distinctly not human,
or even primate-looking.
>>NOORY: How many
do you think there
are running around this
country, this planet?
>>CARY: If you have to
have a viable breeding
population without
showing up with birth
defects and mental
illness, you have
to have 5,000 to 6,000 animals
just in the United States
alone.
>>NOORY: Is Sasquatch
the same as Yeti
and the Abominable
Snowman theories?
>>CARY: They're all based
on the same genetic chimera
work of this alien presence.
>>NOORY: Now tie this together
with your Unified Theory.
What are these cryptids--
what are they here for?
>>CARY: That we don't know.
We don't know why
they're here, but it
explains their existence
and their ability
to remain so elusive.
One of the Bigfoot
researchers I trust the most
presented evidence to me
where a large male traveled
a hundred miles in a night.
That's insane.
And they can travel so
fast that if you spook one,
10 minutes later
it's two miles away.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>CARY: That's the kind of
DNA abilities they have,
and that's why they
can remain unseen.
>>NOORY: Is it conceivable,
Jack, that these cryptids
were supposed to be human-like
creatures instead of us,
and they went awry?
>>CARY: Yeah.
I believe they were
the first attempt
at the miners for the Anunnaki.
They eventually changed the DNA
of us to look more like them,
like it says in the Bible.
They made them out of our image.
>>NOORY: What
creatures were here
on this planet that
allowed them to begin
to genetically manipulate?
Were they apes?
>>CARY: Yeah, there must have
been relic hominid species.
I mean we find so many
different ones now,
and it looks like the lineage
of modern Homo sapiens sapiens
is actually a very complicated
spider web to process,
if it's evolutionary at all.
But it looks like we were
purposely genetically altered,
and they wanted us to
look more like them.
And they did to the point
where there was a breeding
interaction that occurred.
>>NOORY: But something happened.
>>CARY: Right.
>>NOORY: Loren Coleman,
cryptozoologist
as well, I had a chance to
talk with him about this.
>>CARY: Great.
>>NOORY: Why can't we find one
and say, here you go world.
Look!
>>LOREN COLEMAN: Well I
think they're very elusive.
They're very intelligent.
I mean, if you think of all
of the apes or the primates,
the one that's closest to
the intelligence of humans
has to be Bigfoot.
Grover Krantz and I once
talked about statistically
for every 10,000 black
bear, there's one Bigfoot.
And if you remember that
case of the Atlanta bomber,
he hid in the woods of North
Carolina for three years.
And here you had the whole
United States government
looking for this one man.
>>NOORY: They couldn't find him.
>>LOREN COLEMAN: They
couldn't find him.
How was he finally found?
He was raiding a garbage dump.
And that I think is how
you're going to find Bigfoot.
A lumber truck is going
to hit one on a road.
One is going to be near
some kind of area eating
and will get shot.
But there's no concerted
effort right now.
There's no money,
there's no museums,
there's no zoos looking
for these animals the way
they were during
the Victorian Age.
It's kind of haphazard,
and that's not a good way
to look for a new animal.
>>NOORY: Is that how it's
going to happen, Jack?
We're going to stumble
across a creature like that?
>>CARY: No.
I actually disagree for a
couple of different reasons.
>>NOORY: Tell me why.
>>CARY: The great Jonathan
Keel of the Mothman prophecies,
and sort of it started a
lot of us on this path,
discovered that at least
20% of all credible Bigfoot
sightings a UFO is also seen.
>>NOORY: Yes, that's true.
>>CARY: So that's
a huge number--
>>NOORY: Or lights or something.
>>CARY: Yeah, they see
anomalous lights in the sky
that we would describe
as being a UFO.
I on my own field
investigations,
I've come across
with my partners
a line of tracks that go
200 yards out into a middle
of a field where they should
continue and they just stop.
This creature had about
a four foot stride
while it was walking.
The four foot stride turned
into about seven feet right
in the middle of that.
That's a 10 foot tall creature.
And because of
the stride change,
we could tell the exact moment
when something spooked it
and that stride changed
to a much bigger stride.
It took off running.
>>NOORY: Like a run?
>>CARY: Yeah.
It was frightened.
And so whatever took
it took it right
at the end of that trail line.
And I believe that was a UFO.
And I believe that
this alien presence
uses them for some ends or means
that we don't quite understand.
>>NOORY: It's interesting
that George Lucas in Star Wars
would have Chewbacca, the
Wookie, look like Sasquatch.
>>CARY: And admitted that that's
what he had crafted it after.
>>NOORY: Its amazing work.
You have tied in your work
into what we call the Mars
connection as well.
Tell me about that relationship.
>>CARY: Well, with
the new pronouncement
of having a space fleet,
it really occurred to me
that this is all part of
the recent disclosure that's
taking place.
I don't think they
can hide the fact
that there is an operational
Mars colony anymore.
And my point with the Mars
colony is that there is a--
>>NOORY: And you think
it's a manned Mars colony?
>>CARY: I do.
Absolutely manned by humans.
And I believe that there is a
very interesting and compelling
line of evidence from an
A to a B to a C to a D
to prove that the colony
is there and operational,
without throwing any of the
other information that's
being thrown around Mars right
now with people saying 20
and back and you know all
of these other themes that
are being thrown into it.
Now, if you look
all the way back
like I did into my
research early on,
you come across a group
called the Club of Rome.
The Club of Rome was
this global think tank.
People today would--
some people would say,
that's the Illuminati.
>>NOORY: They would.
>>CARY: It's just a group
of really powerful people--
>>NOORY: Planetary wide.
>>CARY: Right.
And they were all
a part of this.
And they met to
discuss the problem
of human overpopulation.
And they came up with
three different scenarios.
Scenario one-- you
could keep them
controlled through
controlled warfare.
That became an untenable
solution after the atomic war.
The atomic bomb was created,
you couldn't use warfare anymore
because you would destroy
the one thing you're
trying to keep control over.
>>NOORY: Yup.
>>CARY: So they went
with alternative--
they also had alternative 2.
Alternative 2 was trying
to control human breeding
practices.
And they soon realized
that the only way
to do that is by controlling
human religious belief systems,
because that's what
controls human breeding.
And they said, yeah, that's
completely impossible.
So they went with alternative 3.
And alternative 3 was a
secret colonization of space.
Because they never
expected that they
would get the funding
necessary to actually
carry this project off.
They started it as a
completely secret program.
>>NOORY: Is the space program,
the Mars space program,
aimed at eventually getting
humans there for ever?
Or what do you think it is?
>>CARY: Well, I
think they intended
it to be the survival
of the human species.
>>NOORY: Even though there
might be 20 people up there?
>>CARY: Well, it
was their intention
those people reproduce,
and that humanity
could get a toehold
onto another planet
before we overpopulated ours.
>>NOORY: How about that birth
certificate-- where were you
born?
Mars.
>>CARY: Right.
Exactly.
You add into that the
testimony of Gary McKinnon,
the British hacker who hacked
NASA and NSA computers.
He came up with a list of
non terrestrial officers
along with two
photographs of spacecraft
that nobody has ever seen.
>>NOORY: We're still trying
to extradite him, aren't we?
>>CARY: They have
given up now finally.
But yeah, they tried for
years and years and years.
So he comes up with this list
of non terrestrial officers,
and then all of a
sudden we get testimony
from the great granddaughter
of Dwight D Eisenhower--
>>NOORY: Laura.
>>CARY: Laura.
Telling us that she
was approached to be
a part of a secret Mars colony.
>>NOORY: Interesting take.
Now, talking about Mars, there's
a JPL laboratory photo, Jack,
that talked about
the dome of Mars.
Why is that important?
Let's take a look at that.
What are we looking at?
>>CARY: Yeah.
Here you can see
a JPL photograph
that was discovered by Dr.
Courtney Brown, pictured
on the right hand side here.
Dr. Courtney Brown,
he basically decided
that he was going to take
remote viewing from the military
into private practice and use it
for the betterment of humanity.
He came up with this
target, because he wanted
to know what was going on Mars.
So he went to JPL
photographs and went
through all their files, and he
found this photograph himself.
And he turned this
into a blind target
for all of his remote viewers.
They knew nothing
about the target.
This is a giant dome, as you
can see on the bottom here.
There is a pipe coming
out of it and it's spewing
a liquid out of the top.
And so what he did
was he made the dome
Target A, the pipe Target
B, and the liquid Target C
in the remote viewing sessions.
>>NOORY: How big is that, Jack?
>>CARY: It would be enormous.
It's an enormous structure.
That's not a structure
that we created.
>>NOORY: And how about
the alien face on Mars?
Let's look at this.
This of course is in the
Cydonia region, of course.
That is that Vincent DiPietro,
Richard Hoagland, and others
have looked at this, and they're
convinced that this is indeed
a face, sort of like
a message to those
who would look down on it.
What do you think?
>>CARY: Absolutely.
This was a face built
by the survivors of Mars
left after the war,
for the survivors that
were left on arks that
eventually made it
to the Earth.
And now you can
see the one built
by the ones who landed
here on some very
specific Google coordinates
now, which I'm sure--
>>NOORY: And that was taken
with the Viking spacecraft.
>>CARY: Right.
Right.
Now we have Google
coordinates to a same face
here in Antarctica.
>>NOORY: Same thing.
>>CARY: That was
released recently.
It was discovered by a
Scandinavian UFO group,
actually, and then made
its way onto to Reddit,
and then we came across
it relatively fast.
You can see that, you
type in those coordinates,
it will take you right to a face
that looks just like the face.
>>NOORY: Technology is amazing.
I interviewed the
researcher John Brandenburg
about his theory about what
might have happened to Mars.
>>JOHN BRADENBURG: The
best working hypothesis
is that Mars was like Earth and
developed a indigenous humanoid
species like us that evolved
to a primitive civilization.
>>NOORY: Primitive civilization.
>>BRADENBURG: It
looks primitive.
We don't see any roads,
airports, anything like that.
>>NOORY: Even the
face in Cydonia
don't he looks Egyptian.
>>BRADENBURG: It looks
Egyptian or Aztec.
You know, Olmec.
The people who carved
big heads in helmets
were the Olmecs on Earth.
They're also very mysterious.
Nobody knows where
they came from.
But it appears that there was a
primitive civilization on Mars,
and then somebody
attacked them from space.
Because the explosions
where air bursts
of two massive nuclear weapons.
>>NOORY: How big would they be?
What would they look like?
>>BRADENBURG: They would have
looked like the Empire State
Building.
>>NOORY: That big?
>>BRADENBURG: Yes.
>>NOORY: Huge.
>>BRADENBURG: Huge.
They would have been
easily constructable
in the asteroid belt from the
materials in the asteroid belt,
then brought to Mars
and dropped on Mars.
>>NOORY: Why would anyone
want to destroy what
was on the planet at the time?
>>BRADENBURG: I don't know.
All I know is there's precedent
on Earth for people wiping out
other people.
>>NOORY: Well, but that's war.
So are we sure that maybe
there wasn't a war on Mars?
>>BRADENBURG: It looks
as though the Martians--
it may be the face on Mars--
in fact, Mark Carlotto's
version of the face on Mars,
it looks quite
threatening, and looks
like it's baring its teeth
at somebody in outer space.
So it could be that
the people on Mars
had a beef with
somebody in outer space.
>>NOORY: Ticked somebody off.
>>BRADENBURG: Or they-- yes.
And somebody got
annoyed with them.
Who knows.
>>NOORY: Fascinating
possibilities.
My gosh.
>>CARY: So according
to farsight.org,
who did the remote
viewing on Mars,
they came up with answers
for a lot of these questions.
So the dome they detected
humans in, at Target A.
They were in the dome.
They were in a
state of distress.
They needed replacement parts
for some of their equipment,
and they were messing
with a technology
they didn't understand.
>>NOORY: Almost like
the movie The Martian.
>>CARY: Almost, except
for this group of people
knew that when they left
it was a hardship duty.
That also came out in
the remote viewing.
That meant they knew they would
never return to the earth.
They had volunteered for this.
>>NOORY: A one way trip.
>>CARY: One way trip.
They knew they
weren't coming back.
>>NOORY: Would you do that?
>>CARY: You know, you would
have to really believe
that you're going to save
humanity, your species.
If you had that
belief in you soul--
>>NOORY: And had your family
or something like that.
>>CARY: Right.
But they went on further
than that, and they put--
two different time zones.
They were like, well, go
back in time 10,000 years
and see what you can
see happen on Mars.
Eventually at some timeline
they detected a war
taking place, which
explains all the xenon
129 on the surface
of Mars, which only
comes from nuclear explosions.
There was a neighboring planet
that they had gone to war with.
We can only assume that
that planet was Nibiru.
>>NOORY: And they
wiped out the Martians?
>>CARY: Yeah.
Well, this ongoing
war had damaged
the atmosphere in Nibiru and
they came here for the gold
to repair it.
You get to see that
interaction, the reason why.
At the same time
the Anunnaki weapons
were devastating the planet
of Mars and its species,
and almost about to win the war.
And that's when the Martians
came up with a mega weapon--
a weapon that was so deadly
that when they launched it,
it literally blew
the entire planet up.
And that became
the asteroid belt.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>CARY: Yep.
And that left Mars
completely devastated.
Yeah, completely devastated.
So what did they do?
The only thing they could do--
they built a couple of space
arks--
>>NOORY: And came here.
>>CARY: And came here.
And they landed in
Antarctica, and that's
the source of all the
structures in Antarctica.
At some point some
sort of calamity
caused that civilization--
>>NOORY: Could they
have come to Egypt?
>>CARY: I think when
the calamity occurred
in Antarctica, they
dispersed all over the world.
>>NOORY: Chiro means
Mars in Arabic.
>>CARY: Right.
And the face that you
see now in Google Earth
matches the face on Mars.
And so I think that that
was a heartfelt symbol
from the last of the Martians
saying, we hope you made it.
>>NOORY: When do you
think this all happened?
>>CARY: That's an interesting--
it was millions of years ago,
I think is when they--
>>NOORY: So they were
advanced, though?
>>CARY: Extremely advanced.
Yeah, the Martians were
an advanced society.
And they had the
type of technology
that seems so alien to us.
But they did build
pyramidal structures.
>>NOORY: Couldn't Mars have
been a base for other UFOs?
>>CARY: Well, I believe that
those two planets are part
of this type 3 civilization.
There's an overarching
umbrella authority
that was overlooking even that.
>>NOORY: This is amazing.
>>CARY: Yes, so that's how
big we have to think now.
That Fermi was right--
that what we're
seeing are just--
these are interaction
of testing vehicles,
for lack of a better term.
They're unpiloted
drones, most of them.
Some of them are piloted
by alien scientists
and so forth doing their work
of testing us as a society
as we are slowly being bred
into this type 3 civilization.
>>NOORY: Do you think that
regardless of where these
civilizations are, on
what planetary systems,
that the quest to find
out how this all started--
the universe, them, God--
is the same?
>>CARY: It is.
I believe it's all the same.
What's interesting, and what
a lot of ancient mystery
researchers don't
really pick up on,
is the work of Robert Temple,
who wrote "The Sirius Mystery."
And he describes that
in ancient times,
there were these things
called oracle octive
centers, of which like the
Oracle of Delphi was one.
And they started off in
the city of Behdet in Egypt
and they stretched all across
a vast geographic area one
geodetic degree from each other.
And each one of
those oracle temples
was what they called
an omphalos stone.
It was an egg shaped
stone that had a mesh
pattern all around it, and
then a serpent wound about it.
It's the same stone that
you see in depictions
of Enki on the baskets
that he's holding.
And each one of these stones
was inscribed a phonetic vowel.
There were eight of
them, all symbolic
of a full musical octave.
And when you uttered the
phonetic representation
of each of those
vowels, it spelled
out the eight lettered
unutterable name
that the Egyptian
priest talked about.
And so basically,
the name of God
is made up of harmonic
musical octaves.
>>NOORY: Interesting take.
Jack, thanks for being
on Beyond Belief.
>>CARY: Thank you very much.
>>NOORY: You bring fascinating
theories to the mix here.
>>CARY: Well, I appreciate it.
>>NOORY: Fascinating
work, investigating
what happened at our
solar system, what
happened at our universe.
It is truly
remarkable that there
could have been other
civilizations that seeded us.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching Beyond Belief.